{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 AndaleMono;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17440\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\li960\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs18 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 P W-Where am I?\'a0\
M Did I win?\'a0\
P Did I\'85 defeat that witch?\'a0\
M I must have, but I don\'92t have\'85\'a0\
P her\'85\'a0\
M head.\'a0\
P Damn\'97\
M DAMNIT!\
P Who was that? Where do you come from?\
M WHO AM I?\'a0\
M Here\'92s a more important question: WHO THE HELL ARE YOU?\'a0\
M Oh, that\'92s right. You\'92re the fool who made me lose to that rotten damned witch.\
P \'85\
P Seriously?\
M SERIOUSLY!\
P Oh, sorry about that.\'a0\
P To be frank, I don\'92t know what I did, but I do sincerely apologize.\
M UGH! Forget you!\
M Now, where the hell am I? And\'85 w-why can\'92t I move?\
P Oh yeah, I can\'92t see you anywhere, but I can hear you loud and clear in my noggin. You\'92re blaring up quite the storm up there.\
M WHAT!\
M UGH! That witch must\'92ve done something to me.\
P To us.\
M Shut the hell up!\
M Did she merge our bodies? Our minds?\
P Or something.\
M Why are you so calm about this!!\
M Oi, are you involved?!\
P What, no! \
P Or, I don\'92t think so. I honestly don\'92t remember much after the fall.\
M You\'92re so useless.\
P Says the one can\'92t even move properly.\
M \'85\'a0\
M Shut the hell up.\
P But, look at me. I can move wherever I want! \
P Huh, what just happened?\
M Alright! I\'92m in control now!\
M But,,,\
P You can\'92t even jump, huh. \
M Shut up. But I can fight at least! And, that\'92s good enough for me!\
P Um, so it seems that\'85 well, you can\'92t move around without me. And, I can\'92t fight without you.\'a0So\'85\
P Let\'92s team up! We can find the witch together and demand her to split us up!\
M I rather die here then working with you.\
P Oh okay then. \
M \'85\
P \'85\
M \'85\
P \'85\
M Fine! Let\'92s get this over with. \
\pard\pardeftab720\fi960\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf2 P Okay!\
}