{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 AndaleMono;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12360\viewh14700\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs18 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 W Okay, my sweet lil\'92 lilies are done! It took awhile, but I think y\'92all could last up to a couple more weeks if that annoying twat doesn\'92t return\'97\
M Stop it right there, you hag!\
W And, you\'92re back. Again. Wonderful.\
P Is that sarcasm?\
M Of course, it is, you dolt. \
W Hm, so it seems that the spell sort of worked.\
M I don\'92t what you were thinking in merging two beings together, but now it\'92s time to take you down!\
W Merge? I didn\'92t perform an amalgamation spell.\
P What? Then, what did you do to us and why?\
W I wanted to kill you. But, like psychologically? You\'92ll just come back to life after a couple of tries anyway, but you know mental damage.\
M I don\'92t understand.\
W Ugh! I tried to split your core. Yin and yang? The concept of dualism? I tried to server your core traits in order for you to see yourself as the enemy and to leave me the hell alone. It looks like I failed since you are back here again!\
P We have been here more than once\'85\
W Several times, actually! You are so desperate in becoming the hero in a town that only considers who a monster! You are more of a nuisance than me, and I am supposed to be the rotten damned witch. \fs12 You turn an entire town to stone for garden decor, and now you\'92re the bad guy for centuries.\fs18 \
P So, we are the same person. \
M I can\'92t believe it.\
W Well, believe it, tulip. And, now it\'92s time to be trampled. Again, okay?\
}